BLOGS
https://feeds.captivate.fm/learnbayesstats/ BLOG "~LearnBayesStats Podcast"
https://brandonwillard.github.io/feeds/all.rss.xml BLOG "~Brandon Willard" Tech
https://lucumr.pocoo.org/feed.atom BLOG "Armin Ronacher" Tech
https://blog.ploeh.dk/rss.xml BLOG "Mark Seemann" Tech
https://mbernste.github.io/feed.xml BLOG "~Matthew N. Bernstein" Stats
https://fangpenlin.com/feed.xml BLOG "Fang-Pen" Tech
https://sobolevn.me/feed.xml BLOG "Sobolevn" Tech
https://blog.djy.io/rss.xml BLOG "Dave Yarwood" Tech

YOUTUBE
https://yewtu.be/feed/channel/UCtUbO6rBht0daVIOGML3c8w YOUTUBE "SummoningSalt" Gaming
https://yewtu.be/feed/channel/UCJYVW4HVrMWpUvvsjPQc8-Q YOUTUBE "DorianDotSlash" Linux
https://yewtu.be/feed/channel/UC9-y-6csu5WGm29I7JiwpnA YOUTUBE "Computerphile"
https://yewtu.be/feed/channel/UCkf4VIqu3Acnfzuk3kRIFwA YOUTUBE "gotbletu" Linux
https://yewtu.be/feed/channel/UCp4Tghm96iQs2JmYSoiS0kw YOUTUBE "BLK0314" Gaming
https://yewtu.be/feed/channel/UCZRoNJu1OszFqABP8AuJIuw YOUTUBE "Logically Answered"
https://yewtu.be/feed/channel/UCoOjH8D2XAgjzQlneM2W0EQ YOUTUBE "Jake Train"
https://yewtu.be/feed/channel/UCFU7a7OMYfcpjtIpu2j47_Q YOUTUBE "DevOnDuty"
https://yewtu.be/feed/channel/UC4bq21IPPbpu0Qrsl7LW0sw YOUTUBE "Slidebean"
https://yewtu.be/feed/channel/UC4QZ_LsYcvcq7qOsOhpAX4A YOUTUBE "Cold Fusion"
https://yewtu.be/feed/channel/UC16rTFKsAUc2SW9tpViNs_Q YOUTUBE "Remedy Mixtapes SA"
https://yewtu.be/feed/channel/UCHnyfMqiRRG1u-2MsSQLbXA YOUTUBE "Veritasium"

GIT
https://github.com/numpy/numpy/releases.atom GIT "NumPy Releases" Software
https://github.com/scipy/scipy/releases.atom GIT "NumPy Releases" Software
https://github.com/aesara-devs/aesara/releases.atom GIT "Aesara Releases" Software
https://github.com/aesara-devs/aeppl/releases.atom GIT "Aeppl Releases" Software
